charts/kube-ops-view/README.md, before:

# kube-ops-view

A Helm chart for bootstrapping kube-ops-view.

## TL;DR;

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kube-ops-view
```

## Introduction

Kubernetes Operational View - read-only system dashboard for multiple K8s clusters

This chart bootstraps the [Kubernetes Operational View](https://codeberg.org/hjacobs/kube-ops-view) on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kube-ops-view
```

These commands deploy kube-ops-view on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Values](#values) section lists the values that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm uninstall my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity settings for pod assignment |
| args | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override `"kube-ops-view.fullname"` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | image pull policy |
| image.registry | string | `"docker.io"` | image registory |
| image.repository | string | `"hjacobs/kube-ops-view"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"23.5.0"` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | If defined, uses a Secret to pull an image from a private Docker registry or repository. |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Provide a name in place of `kube-ops-view` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to be added to exporter pods |
| redis.architecture | string | `"standalone"` | Redis™ architecture. Allowed values: standalone or replication |
| redis.auth.enabled | bool | `false` | Disable password authentication as the kube-ops-view container has no support for password authentication |
| redis.enabled | bool | `false` | enable Redis™ subchart from Bitnami |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the controller pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | The number of old ReplicaSets to retain |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | container-level security context |
| service.port | int | `80` | Kubernetes port where service is exposed |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Kubernetes service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration labels for pod assignment |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml christianhuth/kube-ops-view
```

## Upgrading the Chart

### 4.0.0

This major updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 20.6.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-2000) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 3.0.0

This major updates the redis subchart to its newest major, 18.0.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-1800) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

Commit message:

chore(deps): update redis docker tag to v21 (#1761)
* chore(deps): update redis docker tag to v21

* Update README.md.gotmpl

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

---------

Co-authored-by: Renovate Bot <renovate@christianhuth.de>
Co-authored-by: christianhuth <christianhuth@users.noreply.github.com>

charts/kube-ops-view/README.md, after:

# kube-ops-view

A Helm chart for bootstrapping kube-ops-view.

## TL;DR;

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kube-ops-view
```

## Introduction

Kubernetes Operational View - read-only system dashboard for multiple K8s clusters

This chart bootstraps the [Kubernetes Operational View](https://codeberg.org/hjacobs/kube-ops-view) on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kube-ops-view
```

These commands deploy kube-ops-view on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Values](#values) section lists the values that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm uninstall my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity settings for pod assignment |
| args | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override `"kube-ops-view.fullname"` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | image pull policy |
| image.registry | string | `"docker.io"` | image registory |
| image.repository | string | `"hjacobs/kube-ops-view"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"23.5.0"` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | If defined, uses a Secret to pull an image from a private Docker registry or repository. |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Provide a name in place of `kube-ops-view` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to be added to exporter pods |
| redis.architecture | string | `"standalone"` | Redis™ architecture. Allowed values: standalone or replication |
| redis.auth.enabled | bool | `false` | Disable password authentication as the kube-ops-view container has no support for password authentication |
| redis.enabled | bool | `false` | enable Redis™ subchart from Bitnami |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the controller pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | The number of old ReplicaSets to retain |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | container-level security context |
| service.port | int | `80` | Kubernetes port where service is exposed |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Kubernetes service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration labels for pod assignment |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml christianhuth/kube-ops-view
```

## Upgrading the Chart

### To 6.0.0

This major updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 21.2.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#upgrading) and [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redis/redis/8.0/00-RELEASENOTES) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 4.0.0

This major updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 20.6.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-2000) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 3.0.0

This major updates the redis subchart to its newest major, 18.0.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-1800) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.
