charts/kutt/README.md, before:

# kutt

Kutt is a free modern URL shortener.

## TL;DR;

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kutt
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps the free modern URL shortener called [Kutt](https://kutt.it) using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kutt
```

These commands deploy Kutt on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Values](#values) section lists the values that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm uninstall my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity settings for pod assignment |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable Horizontal POD autoscaling |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` | Maximum number of replicas |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` | Minimum number of replicas |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` | Target CPU utilization percentage |
| externalPostgresql.auth.database | string | `"kutt"` | Name of the database to use |
| externalPostgresql.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of existing secret to use for PostgreSQL credentials |
| externalPostgresql.auth.password | string | `"kutt"` | Password to use |
| externalPostgresql.auth.userPasswordKey | string | `""` | Key in the secret containing the password |
| externalPostgresql.auth.username | string | `"kutt"` | Name of the user to use |
| externalPostgresql.hostname | string | `""` | Hostname of the PostgreSQL database |
| externalPostgresql.port | int | `5432` | Port used to connect to PostgreSQL database |
| externalRedis.auth.enabled | bool | `true` | if authentication should be used with external Redis™ |
| externalRedis.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of existing secret to use for Redis™ credentials |
| externalRedis.auth.password | string | `""` | Password to use |
| externalRedis.auth.userPasswordKey | string | `""` | Key in the secret containing the password |
| externalRedis.hostname | string | `""` | Hostname of Redis™ |
| externalRedis.port | int | `6379` | Port used to connect to Redis |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` | additional environment variables to be added to the pods |
| extraEnvFrom | list | `[]` | load additional environment variables from ConfigMaps or Secrets |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override `"kutt.fullname"` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | image pull policy |
| image.registry | string | `"docker.io"` | image registory |
| image.repository | string | `"kutt/kutt"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v3.2.3"` | Overrides the image tag |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | If defined, uses a Secret to pull an image from a private Docker registry or repository. |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations for the Ingress resource |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | IngressClass that will be be used to implement the Ingress |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ingress record generation |
| ingress.hosts | list | see [values.yaml](./values.yaml) | An array with the hosts configuration |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | An array with the tls configuration |
| kutt.admin.emails | string | `""` | Comma seperated list of email addresses that can access admin actions on settings page |
| kutt.config.disallowAnonymousLinks | bool | `false` | Disable anonymous link creation |
| kutt.config.disallowRegistration | bool | `false` | Disable registration |
| kutt.config.enableRateLimit | bool | `false` | Enable rate limitting for some API routes. If Redis is enabled uses Redis, otherwise, uses memory. |
| kutt.config.linkCustomAlphabet | string | `""` | Alphabet used to generate custom addresses. Default value omits o, O, 0, i, I, l, 1, and j to avoid confusion when reading the URL. |
| kutt.config.linkLength | int | `6` | Generated link length |
| kutt.config.siteName | string | `"Kutt"` | The name of the site where Kutt is hosted |
| kutt.database.client | string | `"pg"` | Which database client to use. This Chart currently only supports PostgreSQL: pg or pg-native. NOTE: pg-native is not installed by default, create your own image to use it. |
| kutt.database.pool.max | int | `10` | Maximum number of database connection pools. Only if you use Postgres or MySQL. |
| kutt.database.pool.min | int | `0` | Minimum number of database connection pools. Only if you use Postgres or MySQL. |
| kutt.domain.customDomainUseHttps | bool | `false` | Use HTTPS for links with custom domain |
| kutt.domain.defaultDomain | string | `"localhost:3000"` | The domain that this website is on |
| kutt.domain.useFirstIngressHost | bool | `false` | If you use an ingress to expose Kutt you can simply set this to true to use the first hostname defined in the ingress. |
| kutt.jwt.existingSecret | string | `""` | Use existing secret for JWT secret key. The secret has to contain the key `JWT_SECRET`. When it's set the kutt.jwt.key is ignored. |
| kutt.jwt.key | string | `"secret-jwt-key"` | make sure to replace with your own secret key |
| kutt.mail.contactEmail | string | `""` | Support email to show on the app |
| kutt.mail.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable emails, which are used for signup, verifying or changing email address, resetting password, and sending reports. If is disabled, all these functionalities will be disabled too. |
| kutt.mail.existingSecret | string | `""` | Use existing secret for password details. The secret has to contain the key `MAIL_PASSWORD`. When it's set the `kutt.mail.password` is ignored. |
| kutt.mail.from | string | `""` | The email address Kutt will send emails from. |
| kutt.mail.host | string | `"smtp.example.com"` | The host of the external SMTP server that Kutt should use to send emails. |
| kutt.mail.password | string | `""` | The password to authenticate to the smtp host when sending emails. |
| kutt.mail.port | int | `465` | The port used to connect to the smtp host. |
| kutt.mail.reportEmail | string | `""` | The email address that will receive submitted reports. |
| kutt.mail.secure | bool | `false` | If true the connection will use TLS when connecting to server. If false (the default) then TLS is used if server supports the STARTTLS extension. In most cases set this value to true if you are connecting to port 465. For port 587 or 25 keep it false |
| kutt.mail.username | string | `"user@example.com"` | The username to authenticate to the smtp host when sending emails. |
| kutt.recaptcha.existingSecret | string | `""` | Use existing secret for ReCaptacha secrets. The secret has to contain the keys `RECAPTCHA_SITE_KEY` and `RECAPTCHA_SECRET_KEY`. When it's set the kutt.recaptcha.siteKey and kutt.recaptcha.secretKey is ignored. |
| kutt.recaptcha.secretKey | string | `""` | Invisible reCaptcha secret key. Create one in https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/ |
| kutt.recaptcha.siteKey | string | `""` | Invisible reCaptcha site key. Create one in https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/ |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Provide a name in place of `kutt` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to be added to exporter pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | pod-level security context |
| postgresql.auth.database | string | `"kutt"` | Name for a custom database to create |
| postgresql.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of existing secret to use for PostgreSQL credentials |
| postgresql.auth.password | string | `"kutt"` | Password for the custom user to create. Ignored if postgresql.auth.existingSecret is provided |
| postgresql.auth.username | string | `"kutt"` | Name for a custom user to create |
| postgresql.enabled | bool | `true` | enable PostgreSQL™ subchart from Bitnami |
| redis.architecture | string | `"standalone"` | Redis® architecture. Allowed values: standalone or replication |
| redis.auth.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable password authentication |
| redis.auth.password | string | `"kutt"` | Redis™ password |
| redis.enabled | bool | `true` | enable Redis™ subchart from Bitnami |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | The number of old ReplicaSets to retain |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | container-level security context |
| service.port | int | `80` | Kubernetes port where service is exposed |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Kubernetes service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration labels for pod assignment |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml christianhuth/kutt
```

## Upgrading the Chart

### To 8.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 18.1.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/postgresql#upgrading) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

It also updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 24.1.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#upgrading) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### To 7.0.0

This major updates the MariaDB subchart to its newest major, 22.0.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/mariadb#upgrading) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### To 6.0.0

This major updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 21.2.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#upgrading) and [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redis/redis/8.0/00-RELEASENOTES) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 5.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 16.4.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/postgresql#to-1630) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

It also updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 20.6.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-2000) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 4.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 14.0.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql#to-1400) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 3.0.0

This major updates the redis subchart to its newest major, 18.0.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-1800) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 2.0.0

This major updates the way you define environment variables.

- The section `mail` has been moved to `kutt.mail`
- The section `envSecrets` has been merged into `kutt`:
  - `envSecrets.google` is now `kutt.google`
  - `envSecrets.jwt` is now `kutt.jwt`
  - `envSecrets.recaptcha` is now `kutt.recaptcha`
- The section `env` has been replaced with specific values:
  - `ADMIN_EMAILS` is now `kutt.admin.emails`
  - `CUSTOM_DOMAIN_USE_HTTPS` is now `kutt.domain.customDomainUseHttps`
  - `DEFAULT_DOMAIN` is now `kutt.domain.defaultDomain`
  - `DEFAULT_MAX_STATS_PER_LINK` is now `kutt.config.defaultMaxStatsPerLink`
  - `DISALLOW_ANONYMOUS_LINKS` is now `kutt.config.disallowAnonymousLinks`
  - `DISALLOW_REGISTRATION` is now `kutt.config.disallowRegistration`
  - `LINK_LENGTH` is now `kutt.config.linkLength`
  - `NON_USER_COOLDOWN` is now `kutt.config.nonUserCooldown`
  - `REPORT_EMAIL` is now `kutt.mail.reportEmail`
  - `SITE_NAME` is now `kutt.config.siteName`
  - `USER_LIMIT_PER_DAY` is now `kutt.config.userLimitPerDay`
- You can define additional environment variables using the extraEnv section.

### 1.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 12.0.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql#to-1200) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

Commit message:

Dev routes (#2339)
* add gateway api support to audiobookshelf

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add support for gateway api to cluster-api-visualizer

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add support for gateway api to freshrss

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add support for gateway api to goldpinger

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* adjust NOTES.txt

* add support for gateway api to headwind-mdm

* add support for gateway api to kube-ops-view

* add support for gateway api to cluster-api-visualizer

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add support for gateway api to freshrss

* add support for gateway api to headwind-mdm

* add support for gateway api to kube-ops-view

* add support for gateway api to cluster-api-visualizer

* add support for gateway api to freshrss

* add gateway api support for kubevirt-manager

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add gateway api support to kutt

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add gateway api support to maildev

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* adjust values for notes.txt

---------

Co-authored-by: christian.huth <christian.huth@proact.eu>
Co-authored-by: christianhuth <christianhuth@users.noreply.github.com>

charts/kutt/README.md, after:

# kutt

Kutt is a free modern URL shortener.

## TL;DR;

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kutt
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps the free modern URL shortener called [Kutt](https://kutt.it) using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/kutt
```

These commands deploy Kutt on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Values](#values) section lists the values that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm uninstall my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity settings for pod assignment |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable Horizontal POD autoscaling |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` | Maximum number of replicas |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` | Minimum number of replicas |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` | Target CPU utilization percentage |
| externalPostgresql.auth.database | string | `"kutt"` | Name of the database to use |
| externalPostgresql.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of existing secret to use for PostgreSQL credentials |
| externalPostgresql.auth.password | string | `"kutt"` | Password to use |
| externalPostgresql.auth.userPasswordKey | string | `""` | Key in the secret containing the password |
| externalPostgresql.auth.username | string | `"kutt"` | Name of the user to use |
| externalPostgresql.hostname | string | `""` | Hostname of the PostgreSQL database |
| externalPostgresql.port | int | `5432` | Port used to connect to PostgreSQL database |
| externalRedis.auth.enabled | bool | `true` | if authentication should be used with external Redis™ |
| externalRedis.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of existing secret to use for Redis™ credentials |
| externalRedis.auth.password | string | `""` | Password to use |
| externalRedis.auth.userPasswordKey | string | `""` | Key in the secret containing the password |
| externalRedis.hostname | string | `""` | Hostname of Redis™ |
| externalRedis.port | int | `6379` | Port used to connect to Redis |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` | additional environment variables to be added to the pods |
| extraEnvFrom | list | `[]` | load additional environment variables from ConfigMaps or Secrets |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override `"kutt.fullname"` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | image pull policy |
| image.registry | string | `"docker.io"` | image registory |
| image.repository | string | `"kutt/kutt"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"v3.2.3"` | Overrides the image tag |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | If defined, uses a Secret to pull an image from a private Docker registry or repository. |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations for the Ingress resource |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | IngressClass that will be be used to implement the Ingress |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ingress record generation |
| ingress.hosts | list | see [values.yaml](./values.yaml) | An array with the hosts configuration |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | An array with the tls configuration |
| kutt.admin.emails | string | `""` | Comma seperated list of email addresses that can access admin actions on settings page |
| kutt.config.disallowAnonymousLinks | bool | `false` | Disable anonymous link creation |
| kutt.config.disallowRegistration | bool | `false` | Disable registration |
| kutt.config.enableRateLimit | bool | `false` | Enable rate limitting for some API routes. If Redis is enabled uses Redis, otherwise, uses memory. |
| kutt.config.linkCustomAlphabet | string | `""` | Alphabet used to generate custom addresses. Default value omits o, O, 0, i, I, l, 1, and j to avoid confusion when reading the URL. |
| kutt.config.linkLength | int | `6` | Generated link length |
| kutt.config.siteName | string | `"Kutt"` | The name of the site where Kutt is hosted |
| kutt.database.client | string | `"pg"` | Which database client to use. This Chart currently only supports PostgreSQL: pg or pg-native. NOTE: pg-native is not installed by default, create your own image to use it. |
| kutt.database.pool.max | int | `10` | Maximum number of database connection pools. Only if you use Postgres or MySQL. |
| kutt.database.pool.min | int | `0` | Minimum number of database connection pools. Only if you use Postgres or MySQL. |
| kutt.domain.customDomainUseHttps | bool | `false` | Use HTTPS for links with custom domain |
| kutt.domain.defaultDomain | string | `"localhost:3000"` | The domain that this website is on |
| kutt.domain.useFirstIngressHost | bool | `false` | If you use an ingress to expose Kutt you can simply set this to true to use the first hostname defined in the ingress. |
| kutt.jwt.existingSecret | string | `""` | Use existing secret for JWT secret key. The secret has to contain the key `JWT_SECRET`. When it's set the kutt.jwt.key is ignored. |
| kutt.jwt.key | string | `"secret-jwt-key"` | make sure to replace with your own secret key |
| kutt.mail.contactEmail | string | `""` | Support email to show on the app |
| kutt.mail.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable emails, which are used for signup, verifying or changing email address, resetting password, and sending reports. If is disabled, all these functionalities will be disabled too. |
| kutt.mail.existingSecret | string | `""` | Use existing secret for password details. The secret has to contain the key `MAIL_PASSWORD`. When it's set the `kutt.mail.password` is ignored. |
| kutt.mail.from | string | `""` | The email address Kutt will send emails from. |
| kutt.mail.host | string | `"smtp.example.com"` | The host of the external SMTP server that Kutt should use to send emails. |
| kutt.mail.password | string | `""` | The password to authenticate to the smtp host when sending emails. |
| kutt.mail.port | int | `465` | The port used to connect to the smtp host. |
| kutt.mail.reportEmail | string | `""` | The email address that will receive submitted reports. |
| kutt.mail.secure | bool | `false` | If true the connection will use TLS when connecting to server. If false (the default) then TLS is used if server supports the STARTTLS extension. In most cases set this value to true if you are connecting to port 465. For port 587 or 25 keep it false |
| kutt.mail.username | string | `"user@example.com"` | The username to authenticate to the smtp host when sending emails. |
| kutt.recaptcha.existingSecret | string | `""` | Use existing secret for ReCaptacha secrets. The secret has to contain the keys `RECAPTCHA_SITE_KEY` and `RECAPTCHA_SECRET_KEY`. When it's set the kutt.recaptcha.siteKey and kutt.recaptcha.secretKey is ignored. |
| kutt.recaptcha.secretKey | string | `""` | Invisible reCaptcha secret key. Create one in https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/ |
| kutt.recaptcha.siteKey | string | `""` | Invisible reCaptcha site key. Create one in https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/ |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Provide a name in place of `kutt` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to be added to exporter pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | pod-level security context |
| postgresql.auth.database | string | `"kutt"` | Name for a custom database to create |
| postgresql.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of existing secret to use for PostgreSQL credentials |
| postgresql.auth.password | string | `"kutt"` | Password for the custom user to create. Ignored if postgresql.auth.existingSecret is provided |
| postgresql.auth.username | string | `"kutt"` | Name for a custom user to create |
| postgresql.enabled | bool | `true` | enable PostgreSQL™ subchart from Bitnami |
| redis.architecture | string | `"standalone"` | Redis® architecture. Allowed values: standalone or replication |
| redis.auth.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable password authentication |
| redis.auth.password | string | `"kutt"` | Redis™ password |
| redis.enabled | bool | `true` | enable Redis™ subchart from Bitnami |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | The number of old ReplicaSets to retain |
| route.main.additionalRules | list | `[]` | Additional custom rules that can be added to the route |
| route.main.annotations | object | `{}` | Add annotations to the route |
| route.main.apiVersion | string | `"gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1"` | Set the route apiVersion, e.g. gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1 or gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2 |
| route.main.enabled | bool | `false` | Enables or disables the route |
| route.main.filters | list | `[]` | Filters define the filters that are applied to requests that match this rule. |
| route.main.hostnames | list | `[]` | Hostnames to be matched |
| route.main.httpsRedirect | bool | `false` | adds a filter for redirecting to https (HTTP 301 Moved Permanently). To redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS, you need to have a Gateway with both HTTP and HTTPS listeners. Matches and filters do not take effect if enabled. Ref. https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/guides/http-redirect-rewrite/ |
| route.main.kind | string | `"HTTPRoute"` | Set the route kind Valid options are GRPCRoute, HTTPRoute, TCPRoute, TLSRoute, UDPRoute |
| route.main.labels | object | `{}` | Add labels to the route |
| route.main.matches | list | see [values.yaml](./values.yaml) | define conditions used for matching the rule against incoming HTTP requests. |
| route.main.parentRefs | list | `[]` | Parent references (Gateway) |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | container-level security context |
| service.port | int | `80` | Kubernetes port where service is exposed |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Kubernetes service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration labels for pod assignment |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml christianhuth/kutt
```

## Upgrading the Chart

### To 8.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 18.1.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/postgresql#upgrading) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

It also updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 24.1.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#upgrading) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### To 7.0.0

This major updates the MariaDB subchart to its newest major, 22.0.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/mariadb#upgrading) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### To 6.0.0

This major updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 21.2.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#upgrading) and [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redis/redis/8.0/00-RELEASENOTES) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 5.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 16.4.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/postgresql#to-1630) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

It also updates the Redis subchart to its newest major, 20.6.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-2000) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 4.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 14.0.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql#to-1400) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 3.0.0

This major updates the redis subchart to its newest major, 18.0.4. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis#to-1800) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.

### 2.0.0

This major updates the way you define environment variables.

- The section `mail` has been moved to `kutt.mail`
- The section `envSecrets` has been merged into `kutt`:
  - `envSecrets.google` is now `kutt.google`
  - `envSecrets.jwt` is now `kutt.jwt`
  - `envSecrets.recaptcha` is now `kutt.recaptcha`
- The section `env` has been replaced with specific values:
  - `ADMIN_EMAILS` is now `kutt.admin.emails`
  - `CUSTOM_DOMAIN_USE_HTTPS` is now `kutt.domain.customDomainUseHttps`
  - `DEFAULT_DOMAIN` is now `kutt.domain.defaultDomain`
  - `DEFAULT_MAX_STATS_PER_LINK` is now `kutt.config.defaultMaxStatsPerLink`
  - `DISALLOW_ANONYMOUS_LINKS` is now `kutt.config.disallowAnonymousLinks`
  - `DISALLOW_REGISTRATION` is now `kutt.config.disallowRegistration`
  - `LINK_LENGTH` is now `kutt.config.linkLength`
  - `NON_USER_COOLDOWN` is now `kutt.config.nonUserCooldown`
  - `REPORT_EMAIL` is now `kutt.mail.reportEmail`
  - `SITE_NAME` is now `kutt.config.siteName`
  - `USER_LIMIT_PER_DAY` is now `kutt.config.userLimitPerDay`
- You can define additional environment variables using the extraEnv section.

### 1.0.0

This major updates the PostgreSQL subchart to its newest major, 12.0.0. [Here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql#to-1200) you can find more information about the changes introduced in that version.
