charts/sloop/README.md, before:

# sloop

Kubernetes History Visualization

## TL;DR;

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/sloop
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps [Sloop](https://github.com/salesforce/sloop) a tool for Kubernete History Visualization susing the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/sloop
```

These commands deploy Sloop on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Values](#values) section lists the values that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm uninstall my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity settings for pod assignment |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| clusterRole.additionalApiGroups | list | `[]` |  |
| clusterRole.additionalPermissions | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override `"sloop.fullname"` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | image pull policy |
| image.registry | string | `"ghcr.io"` | image registory |
| image.repository | string | `"salesforce/sloop"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"sha-2ce8bbe"` | Overrides the image tag |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | If defined, uses a Secret to pull an image from a private Docker registry or repository. |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Provide a name in place of `sloop` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment |
| persistence.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| persistence.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| persistence.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.existingClaim | string | `""` |  |
| persistence.size | string | `"10Gi"` |  |
| persistence.storageClass | string | `""` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to be added to exporter pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | pod-level security context |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | The number of old ReplicaSets to retain |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | container-level security context |
| service.port | int | `80` | Kubernetes port where service is exposed |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Kubernetes service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| sloop.config | string | `"{\n  \"displayContext\": \"cluster\",\n  \"defaultNamespace\": \"default\",\n  \"defaultKind\": \"Pod\",\n  \"defaultLookback\": \"1h\",\n  \"leftBarLinks\": [\n  ],\n  \"resourceLinks\": [\n  ]\n}\n"` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration labels for pod assignment |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml christianhuth/sloop
```

Commit message:

add support for gateway api (#2341)
* add gateway api support for shlink-backend

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add gateway api supprt for shlink-web

* add support for gateway api to skooner

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

* add gateway api support for sloop

* chore: auto-upgrade schema and readme

---------

Co-authored-by: christian.huth <christian.huth@proact.eu>
Co-authored-by: christianhuth <christianhuth@users.noreply.github.com>

charts/sloop/README.md, after:

# sloop

Kubernetes History Visualization

## TL;DR;

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/sloop
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps [Sloop](https://github.com/salesforce/sloop) a tool for Kubernete History Visualization susing the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.19+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm repo add christianhuth https://charts.christianhuth.de
helm repo update
helm install my-release christianhuth/sloop
```

These commands deploy Sloop on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Values](#values) section lists the values that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm uninstall my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity settings for pod assignment |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| clusterRole.additionalApiGroups | list | `[]` |  |
| clusterRole.additionalPermissions | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override `"sloop.fullname"` |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | image pull policy |
| image.registry | string | `"ghcr.io"` | image registory |
| image.repository | string | `"salesforce/sloop"` | image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"sha-2ce8bbe"` | Overrides the image tag |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | If defined, uses a Secret to pull an image from a private Docker registry or repository. |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Provide a name in place of `sloop` |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment |
| persistence.accessModes[0] | string | `"ReadWriteOnce"` |  |
| persistence.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| persistence.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| persistence.existingClaim | string | `""` |  |
| persistence.size | string | `"10Gi"` |  |
| persistence.storageClass | string | `""` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to be added to exporter pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | pod-level security context |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources | object | `{}` | Resource limits and requests for the pods. |
| revisionHistoryLimit | int | `10` | The number of old ReplicaSets to retain |
| route.main.additionalRules | list | `[]` | Additional custom rules that can be added to the route |
| route.main.annotations | object | `{}` | Add annotations to the route |
| route.main.apiVersion | string | `"gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1"` | Set the route apiVersion, e.g. gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1 or gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2 |
| route.main.enabled | bool | `false` | Enables or disables the route |
| route.main.filters | list | `[]` | Filters define the filters that are applied to requests that match this rule. |
| route.main.hostnames | list | `[]` | Hostnames to be matched |
| route.main.httpsRedirect | bool | `false` | adds a filter for redirecting to https (HTTP 301 Moved Permanently). To redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS, you need to have a Gateway with both HTTP and HTTPS listeners. Matches and filters do not take effect if enabled. Ref. https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/guides/http-redirect-rewrite/ |
| route.main.kind | string | `"HTTPRoute"` | Set the route kind Valid options are GRPCRoute, HTTPRoute, TCPRoute, TLSRoute, UDPRoute |
| route.main.labels | object | `{}` | Add labels to the route |
| route.main.matches | list | see [values.yaml](./values.yaml) | define conditions used for matching the rule against incoming HTTP requests. |
| route.main.parentRefs | list | `[]` | Parent references (Gateway) |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | container-level security context |
| service.port | int | `80` | Kubernetes port where service is exposed |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Kubernetes service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| sloop.config | string | `"{\n  \"displayContext\": \"cluster\",\n  \"defaultNamespace\": \"default\",\n  \"defaultKind\": \"Pod\",\n  \"defaultLookback\": \"1h\",\n  \"leftBarLinks\": [\n  ],\n  \"resourceLinks\": [\n  ]\n}\n"` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Toleration labels for pod assignment |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml christianhuth/sloop
```
